README.md, before:

# Gesture Slingshot Cannon

A gesture-controlled slingshot game that uses hand tracking to create an interactive web experience. Built with React, TypeScript, and MediaPipe for real-time hand detection.

## Features

- **Hand Tracking**: Real-time hand detection using MediaPipe
- **Gesture Control**: Pinch gestures to control the slingshot
- **Visual Feedback**: Live camera preview with gesture indicators
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive camera permission and browser compatibility checks

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- Modern browser with camera support (Chrome, Firefox, Safari)
- HTTPS connection or localhost for camera access

## Getting Started

1. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Set up environment variables**:
   Create a `.env.local` file and add your Gemini API key:
   ```
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

3. **Run the development server**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser** and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

## Usage

1. Allow camera access when prompted
2. Position your hand in view of the camera
3. Use pinch gestures to control the slingshot
4. Release to shoot projectiles

## Project Structure

```
├── components/
│   ├── HandController.tsx    # Hand tracking and gesture detection
│   └── SlingshotCanvas.tsx   # Main game canvas
├── services/
│   └── handTracking.ts       # MediaPipe integration
├── utils/
│   └── types.ts             # TypeScript interfaces
├── App.tsx                  # Main application component
└── AGENTS.md               # Development guidelines
```

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server on port 3000
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build

## Browser Compatibility

This application requires:
- Camera access (HTTPS or localhost)
- Modern browser with WebRTC support
- JavaScript ES2022 support

## Troubleshooting

**Camera not working?**
- Ensure you're using HTTPS or localhost
- Check browser camera permissions
- Try refreshing the page and granting permission again

**Hand detection not working?**
- Ensure good lighting conditions
- Position your hand clearly in the camera view
- Check that your browser supports MediaPipe

## Credits

The slingshot user experience and interaction design is inspired by and based on the work by [GSAP (GreenSock)](https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/MYYvaLy?editors=1000). We appreciate their excellent animation library and creative examples that made this project possible.

## License

Private project - All rights reserved.

Commit message:

refactor(api): remove external API dependency and open source project
Remove Gemini API key requirement from build configuration and documentation,
transition project to MIT license, and add conditional background colors
for different interaction modes in the slingshot canvas.

README.md, after:

# Gesture Slingshot Cannon

A gesture-controlled slingshot game that uses hand tracking to create an interactive web experience. Built with React, TypeScript, and MediaPipe for real-time hand detection.

## Features

- **Hand Tracking**: Real-time hand detection using MediaPipe
- **Gesture Control**: Pinch gestures to control the slingshot
- **Visual Feedback**: Live camera preview with gesture indicators
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive camera permission and browser compatibility checks

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- Modern browser with camera support (Chrome, Firefox, Safari)
- HTTPS connection or localhost for camera access

## Getting Started

1. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Run the development server**:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser** and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`

## Usage

1. Allow camera access when prompted
2. Position your hand in view of the camera
3. Use pinch gestures to control the slingshot
4. Release to shoot projectiles

## Project Structure

```
├── components/
│   ├── HandController.tsx    # Hand tracking and gesture detection
│   └── SlingshotCanvas.tsx   # Main game canvas
├── services/
│   └── handTracking.ts       # MediaPipe integration
├── utils/
│   └── types.ts             # TypeScript interfaces
├── App.tsx                  # Main application component
└── AGENTS.md               # Development guidelines
```

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server on port 3000
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run preview` - Preview production build

## Browser Compatibility

This application requires:
- Camera access (HTTPS or localhost)
- Modern browser with WebRTC support
- JavaScript ES2022 support

## Troubleshooting

**Camera not working?**
- Ensure you're using HTTPS or localhost
- Check browser camera permissions
- Try refreshing the page and granting permission again

**Hand detection not working?**
- Ensure good lighting conditions
- Position your hand clearly in the camera view
- Check that your browser supports MediaPipe

## Credits

The slingshot user experience and interaction design is inspired by and based on the work by [GSAP (GreenSock)](https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/MYYvaLy?editors=1000). We appreciate their excellent animation library and creative examples that made this project possible.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
